hey guys i have received a package today
from iconix I'm gonna be big right now
obviously to fit in the screen but it's
from iconix and also known as still I
you might already know that i order from
this awesome guy quite a lot and you get
a five percent discount as well and he's
also got a lot of good good stuff
including sleeves and tins and all sorts
of good goodies so if you're from New
Zealand as well this is definitely a
good tool it's shop Iconix calm and you
can order locally New Zealand and its
really if he's really efficient I always
get my packages really probably so yeah
i'll show you guys what i've bought
things has been really good to me and
he's especially gone few things in for
me it is very difficult to get hold of
them given ebay mostly
all right listen I've got a complete and
series of debt predictor sleeves a
complete box visually 10 packs and it's
all Pokemon so yeah they're all these
satellites leaves here because I ran out
of my other ones which kind of sucked
but yeah it's the back of my sleeves the
generation 5 is very hard for me to find
generation pores or hopefully you will
be able to get them for me and basically
i'll i'll use these for ultra rares and
things like that and yeah for the 65
sleeves as well it's pretty cool and
yeah i think i might have been with in
my collection the sort through them but
yeah hopefully i'll get generation for
because i only use them for the earlier
sets and then i'll use generation 3 for
the diamond and pearl set and then back
and white onwards depending on yeah
we'll see how we go though that awesome
a one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten packs which is really
cool it's not a very expensive robots
for a really good price and each other
now think I've already open just in
between but I wanted to open a model and
videos already taken it's the dark right
in and I think it involved it's got two
down and pull series pack some to
platinum series packs another's an
earlier version which was just four
packs from Donna pill and secret wonders
or mysterious treasures or something
like that but this one was the latest
version and yeah I'll open this up hmm
nas a loop here right now might as well
could be bother making a separate video
alright so there's the dark right card
there got so we must i cry card wicked
let's set up actually got so we got one
pattern back from YZ rolls oh wow and
then these and one legend awakened than
one store fronts are those from all this
Tomas doesn't but obviously these are
like two years old now more bamboo yes
I haven't seen strong function while
okay so we've got mischievous Roselia
dusko onyx stung key magnet on my choke
conductive quarry oh wow Magnezone rare
which is pretty cool and the man will
swine rare sweet okay I just awakened
alright so we have spunk Skippy star you
Bellsprout pyro and swallow an array and
houndoom an unknown ! and a hollow
metagross wow that's a pretty cool hello
forgotten how cool this one is very nice
awesome other side of it here right
pattern what did I say well I am gearing
up for the next remix release of mine so
looking forward to that ipod take a
break from the promo price a bit look
look it up side up Torchic once crow g
Mightyena cat turn shield on pokemon
rescue and apache rare don't seem that
Kyle actually a little open many
platinum packs I think O'Neill open them
and
mr. Pak na booster box though cause I'm
really lucky with a set except for the
Shining's ok last pack rising rivals EV
spheal new arena here we know so quickly
on need around female matchup GL errands
collection center city gym and nuzleaf
and a hollow froslass GL which is also
nice to get quite a few these let's call
though we've got two hollows to where's
not bad very good ten anyway that's
really it um and yeah we'll see you guys
very soon a bike